I just met my dream girl.
Nice! Who is she?
I have no idea.
How is that possible?
It's pretty remarkable.
I was at the  park, when I ran into her.
We spoke for a moment.
She said her name was Rina.
But just as she was leaving, I asked if I could see her again.
She said, if it's meant to be, destiny will put us back together again.
It was, the most romantic moment of my entire existence.
Now we just have to wait until-
Does she have long brown hair, nice eyes?
Uh, yeah...How do you know...?
Found her!
he he
Facebook stalking. Gotta love it.
This feels... wrong.
Pshh. No shame!
Oh shoot! She went to high school with Ted. Heh. Small world!
But destiny- Destiny? Destiny is overrated.
Cute girl though. Oh FYI, she's only looking for 'friendship'. Sorry dude. Want me to poke her anyways?
Wh.. What? No.
I'll do it myself.